[♪♪♪]
MAN:
The future has not been written.
There is no fate but what
we make for ourselves.
I wish I could believe that.
My name is John Connor.
They tried to murder
me before I was born.
When I was 13, they tried again.
Machines from the future.
Terminators.
All my life, my mother told
me the storm was coming.
Judgment Day.
MAN: Connor!
CONNOR: The beginning of a
war between man and machines.
Yeah!
CONNOR: Three billion lives
would vanish in an instant.
And I would lead what was left of
the human race to ultimate victory.
It hasn't happened.
No bombs fell.
Computers didn't take control.
We stopped Judgment Day.
I should feel safe...
but I don't.
So I live off the grid.
No phone, no address.
No one and nothing can find me.
I've erased all
connections to the past.
But as hard as I try,
I can't erase my dreams,
my nightmares.
[♪♪♪]
[SIREN WAILING]
[HORN HONKING]
CONNOR: I feel the weight of
the future bearing down on me.
A future I don't want.
So I keep running
as fast as I can.
Anywhere.
Nowhere.
[SCREAMS]
[GROANING]
[WIND WHISTLING]
Oh, my God.
Are you okay?
Do you want me to call 911?
I like this car.
What are you...?
[CRACKING]
[CAR ENGINE REVVING]
[PHONE RINGS]
[MODEM SCREECHES]
[MIMICS MODEM SOUND]
[HORN HONKS]
[SIREN WAILS]
You, in the silver
Lexus. Slow down.
Slow down and pull
over immediately. I
[INDISTINCT VOICE ON
POLICE RADIO]
Lady, have you any idea.
How fast you were going?
Let me see your license
and registration.
I like your gun.
What?
This stupid thing's not working.
Hm. What's wrong
with this thing?
I hate machines.
[PHONE RINGS]
- Hello?
- MAN: Kate, it's your father.
Uh-oh. You're blowing
me off again.
I'm so sorry, hon. You know how much
I wanted to see you this weekend.
We're having some
computer problems...
No, I know, I know,
you can't talk about it.
It's just...
Scott was really
looking forward to this.
Oh, Katie. I wish I had more
time to get to know him. I really do.
Oh, that's okay. You're bound
to run into him at the wedding.
Please. I'm still in a state of
denial about that.
- You're not the only one.
- Hey, kiddo.
You know, you don't need me
to pass judgment on this guy.
You've done the right
thing your whole life.
You won't make a mistake.
You never do.
I'm the luckiest father
In the world, you know?
I've never had to be
afraid for my daughter.
Listen, I hate this. I gotta run.
Come see me. I promise I won't cancel.
We Will.
- Bye, Dad, I love you.
- Love you too.
Okay, what have we got?
This new computer virus
is a tricky bastard.
It's infected half the civilian Internet
as well as secondary military apps.
Payroll, inventory.
Primary defense nets are still clean?
So far the firewalls
are holding up.
Sir, the Pentagon has proposed that we use
our Al to scan the entire infrastructure.
Search and destroy
for any hint of the virus.
I know, Tony, but that's like
going after a fly with a bazooka.
Well, once the connection’s made,
it should only be a matter of minutes.
During which we put everything
from satellites to missile silos
under the control of
a single computer system.
The most intelligent
system ever conceived.
I still prefer to keep
humans in the loop.
I'm not sure Skynet's ready.
Yes, sir.
[♪♪♪]
[RATTLESNAKE RATTLES]
Thanks.
[HORN HONKS]
[MUFFLED ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
You're supposed to
go around to the back.
Hey, I said you're
supposed to go...
[CHEERING]
Shake it, baby.
[VILLAGE PEOPLE'S
"MACHO MAN" PLAYING]
- Take off your clothes.
- Patience, honey.
Whoa, bitch.
Wait your turn.
- Your Clothes.
- Talk to the hand.
Now.
[CAR ALARM SOUNDS]
[CAR ALARM STOPS]
[ENGINE STARTS]
MAN: Welcome to Jim's Burgers.
Can I take your order?
- Jose Barrera?
- Yeah, that's me.
[GUN FIRES]
[SCREAMS]
Growing concern over widespread
outages in the global digital network
have prompted rumors of
a new computer super-virus.
- Wall Street analysts are confident...
- Shit! My mom's home.
Here. Hide the beer.
Hide the beer. Here. Take that.
- Go, go, go.
- GIRL: Okay, go, go, go, go, go.
Elizabeth and William Anderson?
Um, I'm Bill. My sister's upstairs.
Is there something wrong?
Oh!
[SCREAMING]
[PHONE VIBRATING]
What's going on?
I have to go to the clinic.
It's an emergency.
It's 4:30 in the morning.
Well, I'll be back
before you get up.
[SCOTT GROANS]
[♪♪♪]
[DOGS BARKING]
Cool it, guys, It's just me.
We've got a sick cat coming in.
Great.
Junkies.
[PHONE DIALS]
Please, don't do that.
I suppose you're the one
who ripped us off last week.
Put the phone down.
Sorry.
I just...
I needed some medicine.
There's an emergency
clinic half a mile away.
Can't do that.
How much did you take?
- Enough
- Well,
This is the stuff we use
to chemically neuter dogs.
Take a look.
Hey!
[SQUISHY GUNSHOTS]
[GRUNTING]
Jesus! You didn't
have to do that! I
Next time bring a clue,
not a paintball gun.
- No, this isn't what you think.
- Yeah, right.
[BUZZING]
It's Hercules. I think he's got pneumonia.
He just started coughing and wouldn't stop.
- Betsy, I've got a problem in the back.
- A problem? This is an emergency!
[CAT HISSING]
- It sounds like a hairball.
- I know what a hairball sounds like.
- Where's Dr. Monroe?
- It's 5:30 in the morning.
I'm sure he's home sleeping.
He'll come in if he has to.
Just wait in here with Hercules
and I'll be a few minutes, all right?
[DOG BARKING]
Mike Kripke's basement.
What? What does that mean?
You're John Connor.
I'm Kate Brewster.
We went to West Hills
Junior High together.
- Jesus.
- What happened to you, John?
Middle of eighth grade,
you just disappeared.
And there was that thing
about your foster parents.
Yeah, they were murdered.
I didn't do it.
[CRASHING]
What the hell?
Is somebody with you?
[SCREAMING]
[GUNSHOTS]
[♪♪♪]
[GROANING]
Katherine Brewster?
No.
[GRUNTING]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[GROANING]
John Connor was here.
Where did he go?
Tell me. Where did he go?
[YELPS]
Katherine Brewster?
What are you doing?
Let me down!
Where is John Connor?
If I tell you, Will
you let me go?
Yes.
He's... He's...
In the kennel, in a cage.
You said that you'd let me go.
I lied.
Please, please, please.
You have to let me go!
[GRUNTING]
John Connor.
It is time.
You here to kill me?
[HEART THUMPING]
No. You must live.
[GRUNTING]
Why are you here?
Where are we going?
Keep moving.
Get out of here.
Now!
[SIRENS WAILING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTERING]
- No pulse.
- MAN: See if you can get him down.
I can't.
This guy weighs a ton.
- WOMAN: 911.
- Yes. Yes. I'm being kidnapped.
- WOMAN: Where are you now?
- I don't know where. I'm in my truck.
It's a Toyota Tundra.
It says "Emery Animal Hospital" on the
side. I'm locked inside the back.
Hello?
[BEEPING]
Oh, Shit! Shit!
[SCREAMS]
[SIRENS SOUNDING]
TERMINATOR:
Get off.
[POUNDING]
Let me out!
What are you doing here?
You tell me.
You got me into this.
- Stop the car.
- I can't. Not yet.
- You bastard. Stop the ca!
- Shut up!
Son of a bitch.
Goddamn it.
Look what you did to my car.
This is my company car, asshole.
Get your ass out here.
Get your ass out of the car.
Now! What are you doing?
[CAR STAMMERS]
If you don't have insurance,
I'm gonna rip your balls off.
Hey, listen, I don't want
any problems, okay?
Shut up!
Help!
Who's talking back there?
What's going on in there?
- Who's back there? Shut up!
- CONNOR: Calm down.
KATE: I'm being kidnapped!
Call the police!
Well, I'll be goddamned.
- KATE: Call 911!
- A cop when you need one.
KATE:
Help, please! Please!
Let me out of here! Help!
[ENGINE STARTS]
Get back here, asshole!
No!
That's the cops!
You have to pull over!
Yeah, first chance I get.
[GRUNTING]
Hold on!
[COCKS GUN]
KATE:
Stop it!
I'll drive.
Get out.
TERMINATOR:
Excuse me.
Move over.
No sign of brain trauma.
Yeah, I'm fine, thanks.
Do you even remember me?
Sarah Connor?
Blowing up Cyberdyne?
"Haste la vista, baby."
Ring any bells?
That was a different T-101.
What, do you guys come off
an assembly line or something?
Exactly.
Oh, man. I'm gonna have to teach
you everything all over again.
Katherine Brewster,
have you sustained injury?
Drop dead, you asshole!
I'm unable to comply.
CONNOR:
Where are you taking me?
TERMINATOR:
To a safe location.
All right, get off at the
next exit. Let her out.
Negative. Katherine
Brewster must be protected.
I thought I was the one
they were after.
You could not be located.
So a T-X was sent back through time
to eliminate your lieutenants.
So she's gonna be
in the Resistance?
If... No, no. No, you
shouldn't even exist.
I mean, we took out Cyberdyne
over 10 years ago.
- But we stopped judgment Day.
- You only postponed it.
Judgment Day is inevitable.
[SIZZLING]
I require a cutting tool.
Here, take the wheel.
- CONNOR: What are you doing?
- I am powered by hydrogen fuel cells.
My primary cell was damaged
by a plasma attack.
T-X is designed for extreme combat,
driven by a plasma reactor,
and equipped with
onboard weapons.
Its arsenal includes
nanotechnological transjectors.
- Meaning?
- It can control other machines.
Its body chassis is heavily armored and
hardened to withstand external attack.
[BEEPING]
- You'll find a way to destroy her.
- Unlikely.
I'm an obsolete design.
T-X is faster, more powerful
and more intelligent.
It's a far more effective
killing machine.
Oh, great.
That's great.
TERMINATOR: My presence in this
time line has been anticipated.
T-X is designed to terminate
other cybernetic organisms.
So she's an anti-Terminator
Terminator?
You've gotta be shitting me.
No, I am not shitting you.
When ruptured, the fuel
cells become unstable.
Relax.
- KATE: Let me out of here!
- Relax!
Man, this is wack.
It's been like this for hours.
Every goddamn station.
Hey.
Hey! Are you
gonna pay for that?
Talk to the hand.
[♪♪♪]
Help! Help me!
Help!
[GRUNTING]
I think we better go.
Jerky?
You're kidnapping me.
- Look...
- God, you were always a delinquent.
And look at you now, sitting there
like the bad-boy thing still works.
What are you, some
kind of gang member?
How do you live with yourself?
What?
Tell her who I am.
TERMINATOR: John Connor is leader of
the Worldwide Resistance
and last, best hope of humankind.
Right. And him?
He's a robot from the future.
Living tissue over a metal skeleton,
sent back in time to protect me.
Go to hell.
He doesn't mean you any harm.
I have a fiancé.
He's gonna be looking for me.
What is it that you want?
Just...
Imagine...
if you knew you were gonna do
something important with your life.
Something amazing.
Maybe the most important
thing anyone has ever done.
But there's a catch.
Something terrible
has to happen.
You couldn't...
live with yourself if you
didn't try to stop it, but...
What are you talking about?
It's just... The life you know,
all the stuff that
you take for granted...
it's not gonna last.
Mike Kripke.
Back there, why did you
say "Kripke's basement"?
Because Mike Kripke's house,
that's where the kids used
to go make out, right?
So you and me... Wait, did we...?
Holy shit, we did.
We made out in Kripke's basement.
I cannot believe you remembered that.
Wow, I must have made
some kind of impression.
Give me a break.
I only remembered because the next day
you were in the news.
Wait a second. You and me hooked
up the day before I first met him.
And now again, 10 years later.
Ooh, we were supposed to meet.
Coincidence.
Yeah.
[♪♪♪]
[SNORING]
Hon? Did you just get in?
[DRILLING]
[SCREAMING]
[♪♪♪]
Hi, I'm Detective Edwards,
L.A.P.D. This is Detective Bell.
We're looking for Katherine
Brewster. Is she here?
No.
- You're her fiancé, Scott Mason?
- Yes.
A few hours ago, there was an incident at
the veterinary hospital where she works.
We're concerned that something
may have happened to her.
Where is she?
Well, we got a report from a gas station
attendant out toward Victorville
about a possible kidnapping
and it might be related.
I'll help you find her.
Come with me.
Go.
[♪♪♪]
KATE:
Your mother?
I never even knew
where she was buried.
I hit the road the day she died.
Why did you bring me here?
No! What are you doing?
Hey, stop!
Get away from it! Stop!
Sarah Connor was
cremated in Mexico.
Her friends scattered
her ashes in the sea.
They stored these weapons
in accordance with her will.
What happened to her?
Leukemia.
I'm sorry.
We were living in Baja
when she was diagnosed.
They only gave her six months.
But she fought for three years.
Long enough to make sure.
To make sure?
That the world didn't end.
"Every day after
this one is a gift."
She told me,
"We made it. We're free."
But I never really
believed that.
I guess she didn't either.
You know you were about the
closest thing to a father I ever had?
How pathetic is that?
Out of my way!
My mission is to protect you.
That's enough.
Move or I'll do it! I swear I will!
I'll shoot you!
Go ahead. See what happens.
Don't do that.
Oh, my God.
[BANGING]
MAN: This is the police. We have
the building surrounded.
Release your hostage!
[COUGHING]
[INDISTINCT TALKING
OVER RADIO]
Just leave me here. I'm not the one
you want. You're wasting your time.
Incorrect. John Connor leads
the Resistance to victory.
How?
Why? Why me?
You are John Connor.
Christ, my mom fed me that
bullshit since the cradle.
Look at me. I'm no leader,
I never was!
I'm never gonna...
Let go.
You're right.
You're not the one I want.
I'm wasting my time.
Fuck you, you fucking machine!
Better.
Oh, you were just
dicking with me? I
Anger is more
useful than despair.
What?
Basic psychology is
among my subroutines.
Perps still holed up?
Gotcha.
Good news.
Your Fiancée's okay.
Where is she?
Greenlawn Cemetery,
up off the 5 freeway.
It's right by the desert. But they're
gonna bring her back to the...
Oh, my God! Oh, my dear Jesus! God!-
[GROANING]
[COUGHING]
MAN: You're safe now.
They can't hurt you.
Kate, my name Is Dr. Silberman.
I'm a post-trauma counselor
for the sheriff's department.
How are you feeling?
He's not human.
He's really not human.
I know what it's like to be
in a hostage situation.
I've been there myself.
The fear, the adrenaline.
You find yourself
imagining things.
Impossible things.
Crazy things.
Insane things.
Take years to get over it.
- Go, go, go!
- Move it!
Drop your weapon!
And the coffin!
Take him down!
[GUNS FIRING]
MAN:
Resume fire!
We must reacquire
Katherine Brewster.
Why? What makes her
so goddamn important?
Through her, you make contact
with remnants of the U.S. military
and learn how to fight Skynet,
forming the core of the Resistance.
Later, your children
will become important.
- Whoa. What?
- She's your wife.
[♪♪♪]
Get in!
Do you want to live?
Come on!
- It was Scott! How could it be Scott?
- Your fiancé?
The T-X is poly mimetic, able to take
the form of anything it touches.
Your fiancé is dead.
[KATE SCREAMING]
Oh, my God!
Do something!
Get down.
We need a new vehicle.
Hey, come on.
We gotta keep moving.
She killed Scott because of me.
Look, I know this won't help,
but sometimes things happen
that we just can't change.
It's not your fault.
Are you sure about this?
About her and me, I mean.
Your confusion is not rational.
She's a healthy female of breeding age.
Think there's a little
more to it than that.
My database does not encompass the
dynamics of human pair bonding.
So this Terminatrix, how many others
does she have on her hit list?
Twenty-two. Anderson, Elizabeth.
Anderson, William.
Barrera, Jose.
Brewster, Robert.
My father?
Having failed to acquire
its primary target,
T-X will resume its
default program.
- She's gonna kill my father too?
- There's a high probability.
- No.
- Who is he? What does he do?
He's in the Air Force. Weapon design,
secret stuff. I don't know, exactly.
General Robert Brewster
is program director of CRS,
Cyber Research Systems,
autonomous weapons division.
Skynet. You're talking
about Skynet, aren't you?
Skynet is one of the digital defense systems
developed under Brewster's supervision.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God. Of course.
It all makes sense now.
If you hadn't come back when I was a
kid, if everything hadn't changed,
she and I, we would have gotten together then.
See, I would have met her father a long time ago.
- Don't you see?
- I don't understand.
Your father. This is.
All about your father.
He's the key.
He always was.
Your father is the one
who can shut Skynet down.
He's the only one
who ever could.
We have to get to him
before the T-X does.
Negative. I cannot
jeopardize my mission.
This is your mission,
to save people!
My mission is to ensure the survival
of John Connor and Katherine Brewster.
I am giving you an order.
I am not programmed
to follow your orders.
- After the nuclear war, you both...
- Nuclear war?!
There doesn't have to be a war!
We can stop it!
There is insufficient time.
The first launch sequences
will be initiated at 6:18 p.m.
- What, today?
- Affirmative.
John, what is he saying?
Judgment Day.
The end of the world.
It's today, three hours from now.
Two hours and 53 minutes.
We must continue south into Mexico
to escape the primary blast zones.
No, we have to get to her dad.
The Mojave area will sustain
significant nuclear fallout.
You will not survive.
You mean we just...? We go run and hide
somewhere in a hole while the bombs fall?
It is your destiny.
- Fuck my destiny.
- John.
You cannot self-terminate.
No, you can't. I can do
whatever the hell I want.
I'm a human being.
I'm not some goddamn robot.
- Cybernetic organism.
- Whatever!
Either we go to her father,
we get him to shut Skynet down,
stop this shit from ever happening,
or so much for the great John Connor.
Because your future, my destiny,
I don't want any part of it. I never did.
Based on your pupil dilation, skin
temperature and motor functions,
I calculate an 83 percent probability
that you will not pull the trigger.
Please. Please do what he says.
You have to save my father!
We can reach CRS in
approximately one hour,
depending on traffic conditions.
[♪♪♪]
KATE:
I can't get a line.
The whole cell network is down.
Skynet is assuming control
over global communications
in preparation for its attack.
So if this war is between
people and machines,
why are you on our side?
The Resistance captured me
and reprogrammed my CPU.
I was originally designed
for assassination missions.
So...
you don't really care if this
mission succeeds or not.
If we get killed, does that
mean anything to you?
If you were to die,
I will become useless.
There will be no
reason for me to exist.
Thank you for doing this.
Your gratitude is not required.
I am programmed to
follow your commands.
Her commands?
It was Katherine Brewster
who had me reactivated.
And sent through the
time displacement field.
What exactly am I in this future of yours?
You're John Connor's spouse
and second-in-command.
No, I...
What?
You're a mess.
Hey, you're not exactly
my type, either.
Why didn't I send you back?
I am not authorized to
answer your question.
- Uh, why didn't he send you back?
- He was dead.
Oh.
Well, that sucks.
- Humans inevitably die.
- Yeah, I know.
So how does it...? No.
Maybe I don't want to know.
Well, how does he die?
John Connor was terminated
on July 4th, 2032.
I was selected for the emotional attachment
he felt towards my model number,
due to his boyhood experiences.
This aided in my infiltration.
What? What are you saying?
I killed you.
This has to be a mistake. As of 1100 hours,
all primary military systems were secure.
They were. Only the civilian sector was affected.
Internet, air traffic, power plants, that sort of thing.
And then, a few minutes ago, we got word that
guidance computers at Vandenberg crashed.
We thought it was a communications error.
But now it looks like the virus.
- Early warning in Alaska is down.
- What?
Signals from half our satellites
are scrambled beyond recognition.
What about the missile silos, the subs?
We've lost contact.
Dear God. You're saying this country
is completely open to attack.
Theoretically, we could be
under attack already.
Who's doing this? A foreign power or
some computer hacker in his garage?
CHIEF ENGINEER: We can't trace the virus.
We can't pin it down.
ENGINEER 2: It's like nothing
we've ever seen before.
It keeps growing and changing,
like it has a mind of its own.
This can't be happening.
Sir, Pentagon's on the secure
line. It's the chairman.
All right.
Look,
none of this is gonna happen.
Okay, we get to your dad, we get him to pull
the plug on Skynet, the bombs won't fall.
He won't have to kill me someday.
He'll never even exist.
You and I, we can just
go our separate ways.
You know, uh, Mike Kripke's basement...
That was the first time
I ever kissed a guy.
Really?
TERMINATOR:
Your levity is good.
It relieves tension
and the fear of death.
Brewster.
CHAIRMAN: We 're hoping to hell here
you've got some kind of a solution for us.
Sir, but Skynet is not ready I know what you're
looking for, for a system-wide connection.
That's not what your civilian
counterparts over there just told me.
They say we can stop
this damn virus.
Now, I understand there's a certain
amount of performance anxiety over there,
but your boys are saying that if we
plug Skynet into all of our systems,
it'll squash this thing like a bug and
give me back control of my military.
Mr. Chairman, I need to
make myself very clear.
If we uplink now, Skynet will
be in control of your military.
But you'll be in control of Skynet, right?
That is correct, sir.
Then do it.
And, Brewster,
if this thing works,
you get all the funding
you ever need.
Yes, sir.
CHIEF ENGINEER:
Sir?
Shall I?
No.
It's my job now.
[BEEPS]
COMPUTER VOICE:
Skynet Defense System activated.
We're in.
We're past the firewalls, local
defense nets, Minutemen, and subs.
Skynet's fully operational,
processing at 60 teraflops a second.
Sir, it should take less than a
minute to find the virus and kill it.
Let's pray to God this works.
COMPUTER VOICE: Skynet defense
system now activated. Please...
[ALARM SOUNDING]
Power failure?
No. I don't know what it is.
Tony, what the hell is going on?
Daddy!
Katie, what are you doing here?
Daddy! Get away from it!
[♪♪♪]
Watch out!
[GUN FIRES]
KATE:
Daddy. Daddy, don't move.
She'll be back.
We have to shut down Skynet.
Where's the system core?
Somewhere in this building?
Skynet. The virus has
infected Skynet.
Skynet is the virus! It's the reason
everything's falling apart!
Skynet has become self-aware.
In one hour it will initiate a
massive nuclear attack on its enemy.
What enemy?
Us!
Humans.
Oh, God! It's the machines.
They're starting to take over.
My office, on this floor,
we have to get there.
But the access codes are in my safe.
[GUNS FIRING]
[SCREAMING IN DISTANCE]
KATE:
Why are they killing everyone?
To destroy any possible threat to Skynet.
Which ones are the codes?
Red envelope.
Crystal Peak. You have
to get to Crystal Peak.
- What? What is he saying?
- Crystal Peak.
It is a hardened facility in
the Sierra Nevada mountains.
Fifty-two miles northeast,
bearing 0.5 degrees.
That's the system core?
It's your only chance.
You'll need a plane. The particle
accelerator leads to the runway.
Take care of my daughter.
- Oh, Katie, I am sorry.
- Daddy.
- I opened Pandora's box.
Get down!
No, no, no...
Hey, there's nothing you can do.
Come on.
We must go.
It is not safe here.
Kate, we have to go.
Kate! He wanted you
to come with me.
He wanted us to shut Skynet down.
Come on.
Run!
[GUN CLICKS]
Let's go.
[DRILLING]
[ALARM SOUNDING]
Well, that's it. We can
follow it out to the runway.
Come on.
What?
Nothing.
You remind me of my mother.
Oh, God. She's coming.
KATE:
What are you doing?
Powering up.
[BEEPING]
Come on.
It's working.
Just die, you bitch!
Come on.
There's my father's plane.
I trained on it.
[CLANKING]
Yes! He made it.
Get away from me.
Leave!
Now!
Let's go, John!
- The master's on. Throttle's set.
- Come on. Come on. Let's go.
Oh, please. You can't do this.
I have no choice.
The T-X...
has corrupted my system.
[PLANE ENGINE STARTS]
You can't kill a human being.
You said so yourself.
Let him go!
You're fighting it right now.
My CPU is intact.
But I cannot control my other functions.
You don't have to do this.
You don't want to do this!
Desire is irrelevant.
I am a machine.
[GROANING]
What is your mission?
To ensure the survival of John Connor
and Katherine Brewster.
You are about to fail that mission!
I can... I cannot.
You know what you have to do.
You know my destiny.
I have to live.
[♪♪♪]
- Are you okay?
- What happened?
He couldn't do it.
He shut himself down.
- Can you fly?
- Yeah.
Okay. 015 degrees,
52 miles, our max air speed is about 160.
Okay, we've got 32 minutes.
It's just you and me now.
John, what if we can't stop it?
There's enough C-4 here
to take out 10 supercomputers.
We're gonna make it, Kate.
The future is up to us.
That's gotta be it.
[BEEPING]
[♪♪♪]
Hey. Skynet. There may be more of them.
Come on.
I think this is some kind of blast door.
There's no way we
can blow through this thing.
KATE:
John, look.
Now what?
It's a code prompt.
Type in "Dakota 775."
"Red 176."
[HELICOPTER APPROACHING]
Come on! We gotta get this thing open.
Here. It's "Avalon 412."
Put it in!
[HELICOPTER APPROACHING]
Come on!
I'm back.
[ALARM SOUNDS]
Go! Now!
CONNOR:
Come on!
- Thank you.
- We'll meet again.
Go!
KATE:
Come on!
You are terminated.
The elevator.
I'm gonna set the detonator
for five minutes.
That should give us enough
time to make it back up.
[BEEPING]
These computers are 30 years old.
CONNOR:
This isn't Skynet.
There's nothing here.
This is a fallout shelter for VIPs.
Only they never got the warning.
Goddamn it!
There's nothing here!
Why didn't he tell us?
Why did he lead us down here?
To live.
That was his mission.
[BEEPING]
There was never any stopping it.
John...
we could just...
let it go.
MAN 1 OVER RADIO:
Hello?
Hello? Can somebody hear me?
This is Montana Civil Defense.
[♪♪♪]
- Somebody please come in.
- MAN 2: Is anybody there?
- Is there anybody there?
- MAN: Hello?
- Anyone reading me? Over.
Hello? Is anybody there?
MAN 3: Rumors about
a launch sequence.
Command and control
have broken down out here.
MAN 2: Is anybody there?
Come in.
MAN 3: Is anyone receiving me?
Somebody?
MAN 4:
Is anybody out there?
- Hello? Hello?
- MAN 1: Somebody please come in.
- MAN 4: Can you read me?
- MAN 1: Is anybody out there?
MAN 4: This is SAC Nellis.
We're under attack.
MAN1:
CQ? CQ?
Is anybody there?
This is John Connor at Crystal Peak.
MAN 1: Connor? What the hell is happening?
Who's in charge there?
[CLICK]
I am.
MAN 1:
Connor, can you help us?
This is Montana Civil Defense.
Where did you say you were again?
CONNOR: By the time
Skynet became self-aware,
it had spread into millions of
compute servers across the planet.
Ordinary computers in office buildings,
dorm rooms, everywhere.
It was software in cyberspace.
There was no system core.
It could not be shut down.
The attack began at 6:18 p.m.,
just as he said it would.
Judgment Day.
The day the human race
was nearly destroyed
by the weapons they'd built
to protect themselves.
I should have realised our destiny
was never to stop Judgment Day.
It was merely to survive it,
together.
The Terminator knew.
He tried to tell us,
but I didn't want to hear it.
Maybe the future has been written.
I don't know.
All I know is what
the Terminator taught me:
Never stop fighting.
And I never will.
The battle has just begun.
[♪♪♪]